feat(xo-web/license): ability to rebind licenses (#7390)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

- [VM Creation] Automatically create a VTPM if the template requests it (Windows templates starting from XCP-ng 8.3) (PR [#7436](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7436))
- [OTP] Accepts (ignores) whitespaces in the one-time password (some OTP applications add them for nicer display)
- [VM/General] Show current VM tags without the need to search them in advanced creation tag selector [#7351](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/issues/7351) (PR [#7434](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7434))

> - [XOA/License] Ability to rebind licences (PR [#7390](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7390))

Reviewer: This is vague, can you be a bit more explicit?

- [OTP] Accepts (ignores) whitespaces in the one-time password (some OTP applications add them for nicer display)
- [VM/General] Show current VM tags without the need to search them in advanced creation tag selector [#7351](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/issues/7351) (PR [#7434](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7434))
- [xo-cli] Supports signing in with one-time password (PR [#7459](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7459))

> - [XOA/License] Ability to reassign licenses to objects that are already licensed (eg: expired licenses) (PR [#7390](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7390))

Author: @julien-f  Is it better?

Reviewer: Much better, but I think it can be improved a bit further, what do you think og?

```suggestion
- [XOA/License] Ability to change the license assigned to an object already licensed (e.g. expired licenses) (PR [#7390](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7390))
```
